3 yen water solution solution child face
I can do it too
Under the handle of a single Kingo mountain
Water leakage from the end of the pipe is solved by posting partridges
Hmm
Various types of mixer taps can be repaired in the same way
Then from point before work
First identify where the water is leaking
Water leak from under type tip handle is cartridge replacement
Once the lever in the water leakage there is a case of which the cover is loose of but from the bottom of the handle
Remove the handle
Please tighten the cover with a tool and watch the situation
As we can not repair water leak from here by oneself, do you ask repairer?
It becomes exchange of the faucet body
As cartridge is pure correspondence, we can not use thing of other makers
Be sure to check the faucet maker and part number at home
Let's purchase a compatible cartridge
Please check if there is a package or water solution well over l
What to prepare is a minus driver
It is a Phillips screwdriver hex wrench monkey wrench
Let's prepare the necessary tools according to the type of Hongo line
It is recommended to work with a soldier to prevent injury
Be sure to close the tap of the water supply before work and check that no water comes out of the recommendation
First is the removal of the old cartridge
Screw of the location to remove the handle, please check the mixing valve of the self-made so different by Kongo mountain
This time, there is a cover on the handle of the one- hole mixer tap
First, remove the handle Remove the screws to open the bar
Please turn off the outer cover by hand
And after removing the cover with a tool
Take out the heart ridge
Be careful when holding the screw by hand when removing the falling cover, as it may cause injury.
Is the removal completion If rid all because there is a case in which the packing remains in the Kongo Mt.
Next is the installation of a new cartridge
First install a new cartridge
Close the cover firmly with a tool
We are careful as house cover is loose as it causes water leak
Then attach the outer cover by hand
Hmm
And tighten the screw firmly so that the lever handle does not get stuck
Finally close the handle cover and open the tap of the water supply
Work is complete After checking that there is no water leakage
Water leak repair from the tip of the lower pipe of the handle
I can do it too
3 a